you know I had always hoped right before
I died my life flashed before my eyes
and I would see wonderful things but as
I was hanging up there yeah yeah I
didn't really see much of anything
[Music]
I did see
grazie that's why you were dead
well I did think so you're talking
[Applause]
you're special especially like the
multi-purpose - oh God
and that's why I need you to help me get
home you want to go home so you can have
love but you ran away cuz nobody who
loves you
Shh you can't just say everything that
comes into your head that's bad talking
Oh Manny I think your Wang is guiding us
home
it's magic
people don't like other people's farts
is that why you don't fart in front of
me I just like to do it alone or hold it
in that's what you're supposed to do
that's so sad
who sang and we danced and it was
beautiful
don't be afraid